DOCS-4043 Getting Started with Datadog Sites Edits (#15244)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/site/_index.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{< tab "Logs" >}}

| Site | Site URL                                      |
|------|-----------------------------------------------|
| US1  | https://logs.browser-intake-datadoghq.com     |
| US3  | https://logs.browser-intake-us3-datadoghq.com |
| US5  | https://logs.browser-intake-us5-datadoghq.com |
| EU1  | https://mobile-http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu  |

{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab "Traces" >}}

| Site | Site URL                                           |
|------|----------------------------------------------------|
| US1  | https://trace.browser-intake-datadoghq.com         |
| US3  | https://trace.browser-intake-us3-datadoghq.com     |
| US5  | https://trace.browser-intake-us5-datadoghq.com     |
| EU1  | https://public-trace-http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu |

{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab "RUM" >}}

| Site | Site URL                                     |
|------|----------------------------------------------|
| US1  | https://rum.browser-intake-datadoghq.com     |
| US3  | https://rum.browser-intake-us3-datadoghq.com |
| US5  | https://rum.browser-intake-us5-datadoghq.com |
| EU1  | https://rum-http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu    |

{{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Navigate the Docs site 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Navigate the Datadog documentation by site
```

> Different Datadog sites may support different functionalities depending on the instance's security requirements. You can use the site selector dropdown menu on the right side of the Docs site to select the Datadog site you want to see information about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different Datadog sites may support different functionalities depending on the instance's security requirements. Therefore, documentation may vary between sites. You can use the site selector dropdown menu on the right side of any page in the Datadog documentation to select the Datadog site you want to see information about.
```

basically, "Docs site" is a thing that datadog-internal people would know about, but customers may not associate "Docs site" specifically with "the public-facing documentation that lives alongside the corpsite". also i wanted to explicitly add that you use the site selector to view different documentation.

{{< img src="getting_started/site/site-selector.png" alt="The site selector dropdown menu on the right hand side of the Documentation site" style="width:100%" >}}

> For example, to access information about the Datadog for Government site, select **US1-FED**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to see the documentation for the Datadog for Government site, select **US1-FED**.
```

being super specific here that this shows different documentation, not just "information", generally
